STATUS OF THIS BRANCH:
3+1 Cartesian code.
New derivative stencils in z have been tested.
Convergence at t=0 is good as expected for analytic Schwarzschild-AdS initial data. At later times, convergence is lost if we use L0 resolution (too low resolution) but linear convergence (expected since we use linear interpolation at the boundary) is preserved for L1 and higher resolutions. Long time stability of runs has been checked for several initial data parameters.
The solver of Hamiltonian constraint has been generalised to 3+1, so it is now possible to use static initial data that solves the Hamiltonian constraint with a non-vanishing scalar field. Convergence at t=0 has been tested for this type of data.
Convergence and stability at later times, higher resolutions and different values of the parameters needs to be tested.
The AH finder has been implemented and tested by checking that the finder gives the expected position of the AH for analytic Schwarzschild-AdS BH initial data.
It is possible to deactivate the AH finder and have fixed excision radius by just setting a value for ex_rbuf.
We implemented the possibility of producing an ascii file with the value of the relative kretschmann scalar (i.e. (kretschmann/kretschmann_pureAdS) -1) at the centre of the grid at the corresponding time of evolution.
We implemented the quasilocal boundary stress-energy tensor and mass density calculation in terms of regularised metric components divided by q, and tested that it gives the expected value in the case of analytic Schwarzschild initial data. This works also with checkpointing. Then we wrote the expressions in terms of derivatives of metric components w.r.t. rho. We checked convergence for such expressions for L1,L2 and L3 resolution at t=0.
The AdS mass is computed performing a double integral on the S^2 sphere at the boundary of the mass density ONLY IF WE RUN ON 1 CORE, otherwise the numerical approximation for the double integral becomes unreliable. We produce an ascii file with the time of evolution and the AdS mass at that time. We checked that the AdS mass gives the expected value in the case of analytic Schwarzschild initial data (it actually underestimates it a bit, but the accuracy seems to improve with resolution).
The stress-energy tensor and AdS mass should be tested in the following ways:
1. convergence in the high resolution limit (DONE for L1,L2,L3 resolution at t=0)
2. tracelessness (the trace seems to be small for a few test runs)
3. conservation
We also produce an ascii file with the value of the scalar field at the boundary (namely, the leading order coefficient in the near boundary expansion).
We implemented the option of producing spatially reduced ascii files, i.e. containing a number of boundary points reduced by a certain parameter, called reduction_factor. This is done to obtain smaller ascii files.
